[Music]
fifteen puzzles that might keep you up
all night studies have shown that
solving riddles and puzzles is
exceptionally beneficial for your brain
it sharpens your mind improves your
memory and teaches you to pay attention
to small details what's more it's fun so
get ready to train your brain and bring
a smile to your face in this video
you'll have to crack 15 puzzles after
each puzzle you'll have just 10 seconds
to figure out the answer if you need a
bit more time don't panic just pause the
video to make things more interesting
each of these riddles has a little twist
good luck
1 the candle mystery an old man and his
three daughters lived in a village one
day the old man got very sick so death
came to take his spirit the oldest
daughter asked death to let her father
live for two more years and death agreed
two years later death returned for the
father the second daughter asked for
mercy
so death agreed to grant the old man one
more year a year later death returned as
promised the youngest daughter came with
a candle and asked death to let her
father live until the candle in her hand
burned out death agreed however just as
the youngest daughter planned death
never returned how did the youngest
daughter save her father can you figure
it out in just 10 seconds
[Music]
the youngest daughter was smart and
simply blew out the candle after death
left that's why the candle never burned
out - the latter mystery all was
standing on a 100 foot high ladder he
was planning to paint one of the walls
of his house yellow unfortunately it had
rained several hours earlier which is
why he slipped from the ladder and fell
to the ground
this may seem surprising but he didn't
die or suffer an injury how did he
manage to survive the ladder was too
high for an ordinary person to fall off
without getting hurt could Paul levitate
what are your thoughts the reason for
this miraculous survival was the fact
that Paul was standing on the bottom
rung of the ladder three the coins
mystery you have two buckets of fresh
tap water the temperature of the water
inside the first bucket is 25 degrees
Celsius while the water inside the
second bucket is 25 degrees Fahrenheit
you drop a coin into each bucket the
height is the same the speed of the
coins is the same and they hit the water
at the same time but can you predict
which coin will touch the bottom first
10 seconds to solve this puzzle
[Music]
the coin in the first bucket will fall
to the bottom of the bucket first at 25
degrees Celsius water is liquid while at
25 degrees Fahrenheit it turns into ice
for the grass mystery there is a patch
of magic grass in a field and it doubles
in quantity every day if on day one it's
one patch of grass on day two there will
be two patches and so on it takes ten
days for the grass to cover the entire
field how long will it take for the
grass to cover half of the field hide
your calculators they won't help you out
better turn on your lateral thinking the
grass doubles in quantity every day so
on the ninth day it will be half the
quantity it is on the tenth day half of
the field will be covered on the ninth
day five the Apple mystery there are 10
people in a room they are standing in a
circle so that each person can see the
entire room and everyone else you must
place an apple in such a way that all
the people but one can see it where do
you place the Apple hmm isn't this a
tough question
could there be any nooks or secret spots
in the room
ten seconds to figure it out
[Music]
in fact you don't need any special
hiding spots to fulfill the conditions
of the riddle just place the Apple on
someone's head six car vs. car there are
two cars blue and red the blue car is
going at a speed of 60 miles per hour
and the speed of the red car is 40 miles
per hour they both started at the same
point in time however after some time on
the road they still cross each other at
some point how is that possible which
laws of physics do these cars neglect to
encounter each other can you understand
this in just 10 seconds
[Music]
the trick lies in the fact that they are
traveling in opposite directions 7 the
Appletree mystery to friends and and
mary went for a walk
suddenly it started to rain heavily the
girls saw a seemingly abandoned house
and decided to shelter there when the
rain stopped the friends were dry but
very hungry so they set off in different
directions to find some fruit and found
an apple tree she was happy and
immediately ate an apple all of a sudden
she turned into a tree herself half an
hour later Mary arrived there in her
search for fruit and her friend she
heard someone say your friend turned
into a tree you must find her to bring
her back you only have one chance if you
get it wrong
your friend will remain a tree forever
Mary was terrified how would she find
out which tree was her friend well there
must be some trick will 10 seconds be
enough time for you to find the solution
to this dilemma you needed to think
outside of the box since it had just
been raining all the trees in the forest
had to be wet the only tree that wasn't
wet was in unfortunately we'll never
know if Mary was smart enough to realize
that
eight the king's task once upon a time
there was a king he didn't have a wife
or any children he was old and worried
about his throne and the future of the
kingdom that's why he decided to do the
following he gave each child in the
country a seat and promised to make the
child who grew the most beautiful plant
his heir
three months later thousands of children
came to the palace all of them had
amazingly tall and green plants in their
hand but one girl had a pot that was
empty however she was the one the king
chose to be the future queen what made
him do so was the king too old to
remember his promise why would he hand
his kingdom over to the girl who had
grown nothing
[Music]
the truth is that the king had given the
children fake seeds the girl turned out
to be the only honest child 9 a fair bet
Tim bet Jacob $100 that he could predict
the score of a football match before the
game began
Jacob laughed and agreed to the bet
however he lost his money why did this
happen you have ten seconds to figure
out if Tim is a psychic well Tim wasn't
completely honest he just used a clever
wordplay he said that the score would be
0-0 and he was right before a match
starts the score is always zero zero ten
the mystery of the bearded man there is
a man who shaves a minimum of 10 times a
day still he has a long beard who is
this man can you figure out the answer
to this phenomenon
[Music]
the man indeed shapes but he shaves
other people he's a barber 11 the
inheritance mystery an old man decided
to leave all the money he'd been saving
his whole life to one of his three sons
but he couldn't decide which son
deserved the money so he provided each
of them with one coin and asked them to
buy something that would fill their
biggest room the oldest son bought some
cotton wool but it was too little to
fill the whole room the middle son
brought home straw but there was still
some empty space in the room as for the
youngest son he bought two things that
immediately filled the room earning him
his father's money what did he bring
home you have just 10 seconds to
understand what these two objects were
however if you need more time pause the
video the youngest son turned out to be
the wisest the money his father had
given him was more than enough to buy a
box of matches and a candle after he lit
the candle the room was instantly filled
with light 12 the shower mystery Jane
gets in the shower but surprisingly her
hair isn't wet after she gets out how is
this possible while some solutions may
look obvious to you this situation isn't
so clear use your 10 seconds to mull it
over
[Music]
Jane's hair is dry because she didn't
turn on the water 13 the stylists
mystery why does a hairstylist prefer to
cut the hair of two blondes than one red
haired person you have ten seconds to
understand the quirk of this stylist
[Music]
well obviously the stylist prefers two
blondes after all
he gets paid twice as much for two
haircuts than for 114 the trapped man
mystery an unlucky man gets trapped in a
room there were only two doors through
which he can escape however behind the
first door is a room made from
magnifying glass as soon as the man sets
foot in there the boiling hot Sun will
instantly fry him as for the second door
it hides a furious fire-breathing dragon
how can the man escape will you be able
to help free the man from the trap
remember that you have just ten seconds
to do this
[Music]
it's actually pretty simple to escape
from the room the man has to wait until
sunset and leave through the first door
15 the truck trick a truck driver isn't
paying attention to the road and gets
stuck under an overpass that is a mere
inches too low for his truck he starts
panicking and calls his boss however his
boss gives him an order after fulfilling
which the driver manages to get out of
the trap with ease
what is the boss's order are you as
experienced as the drivers boss 10
seconds more and we'll figure it out the
boss told the man to let the air out of
his tires this way the truck became a
couple of inches shorter and managed to
back out of the overpass
[Music]
which riddle did you find the most
interesting tell us in the comments
below remember to like this video and
subscribe to our channel to always stay
on the bright side of life
[Music]